update json string format (#1065)
couchbaselabs/docs-couchbase-lite: modules/android/pages/query-resultsets.adoc

[source, JSON]
----
{

>   "collection-or-alias": {

Reviewer: Do you want to implement this as more of an obvious placeholder?

Author: I enclosed it in <> hope that does the trick

    "key1": "value1",
    "keyx": "valuex"
  }
}
----

> NOTE: The top-level key is the collection name, for example "cards" for `SELECT * FROM main.cards`, or the alias if 1 is specified, for example "c" for `SELECT c.* FROM main.cards as c`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The top-level key is the collection name, for example "cards" for `SELECT * FROM main.cards`.
You can also use the alias if one is specified, for example "c" for `SELECT c.* FROM main.cards as c`.
```
I think this is one of those edge cases where it's better to write `1` as `one`.
